# Student-Academic-Report-System

This is a basic data analysis application of student academic report system. <br/>

What it can do? <br/>
1. A menu system that will allow the user to load data from a .csv file. <br/>
2. The user should be able to store the results of any step (operation) in a HTML file format. <br/>
3. The program should be able to find the following of a column or all the column... <br/>
- Minimum <br/>
- Maximum <br/>
- Median <br/>
- Mean  <br/>
- Variance <br/>
- Standard Deviation <br/>
4. Display the distinct numbers (no repetition) and a count of the occurrences of each number (frequency) in a tabular form.
5. Plot histogram for the data in textual form. (printed in ***** format) <br/>
6. Display two tables with the data items above and below the mean and displaying the number of those below and above the mean. <br/>
7. Compute the Pearson’s correlation between any two selected columns showing the table of computation of the correlation (correlation measures the strength of association between two quantitative variables). <br/>
8. Compute the linear regression line formula for a user selected column or columns of the data (regression estimates the best straight line to summarize the association of data) <br/>
9. Ability to display and store data sorted (ascending or descending) using a selected column. <br/>
10. A statistical report that includes all the statistical computed values above, properly formatted and stored in a text file of a chosen subject. <br/>
11. An html document of the report that can be viewed by the browser. This html report is generated by the system automatically. <br/>

Programming language: C++



